the project manager went over the agenda. the industrial designer gave a presentation about the options for power source, materials and components. he recommended using kinetic energy, and having a double-curved rubber case. the group decided to combine batteries and kinetic energy. the marketing expert reported on current trends among young people for fresh fruity colours and spongy material. he explained that the remote should look fancy, and be technologically innovative and easy to use. he suggested using removable customisable covers, speech recognition, installing some games into the remote, and implementing a parental control feature. the user interface designer talked about having a simple layout with not many buttons. most features will be controlled through the menu. the group discussed the various options and decided to use games but not speech recognition. after a lot of discussion they decided to implement a simple parental control feature. the project manager talked about what he had learned at a masterclass on knowledge management. the group discussed how to incorporate the company logo and motto onto the remote, including having an animated logo on the touch screen. the project manager gave the group instructions about what to do before the next meeting.
the project manager opens the meeting by introducing herself and asking everyone to say their name and role in the group. she then states the agenda of the meeting and tells them that they will be designing and creating a new remote control that should be trendy and user-friendly. the meetings will focus on functional, conceptual, and detailed design. next, each group member draws their favorite animal on the whiteboard and explains the characteristics of that animal. after that the project manager covers the project budget, and then they begin discussing their personal experiences with remote controls and how they want their remote to look. then the project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what to do in preparation for the next meeting.
the project manager stated that the goal for the current meeting was to decide upon a concept for the remote the team is creating. the marketing expert discussed his findings from trend watching reports. he found that current trends are such that a product must have a fancy look and feel, be technologically innovative, be easy to use, incorporate a fruit and vegetable motif, and must be spongy. the user interface designer discussed how to create an interface for a remote that is easy to use. the user interface designer discussed the placement of commonly used buttons, the overall shape of a remote, and how to hide less commonly used buttons. the industrial designer discussed various components and energy sources the remote could include. the industrial designer focused on the use of a tft screen and the use of solar cells to supplement the energy from two regular batteries. the team then discussed and made decisions regarding the option to use solar cells, the specifications of an lcd screen, how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable motif into their design, and how to hide lesser used buttons.
the project manager reviewed the minutes from the previous meeting. the marketing expert gave a trendwatching report. he found that a fancy look and feel was most important for users. he also discussed the trend towards spongy materials. the group discussed the cost of adding speech recognition, the lcd screen, and the advanced chip. the user interface designer discussed the look of the interface with the group. they discussed the placement and design of the buttons and decided to use scroll wheels for volume. the industrial designer advised that flashy colors and rounded shapes be used. the group discussed how to incorporate the logo and including changeable faces. they discussed materials for the buttons and the backlight. the group decided to use rechargeable batteries and a stand, to use plastic for the casing and buttons, and to not include an lcd screen. the user interface designer and the industrial designer were instructed to draw the prototype at the next meeting, and the user interface designer was instructed to finalize the button placement. the group finalized the look of the product, and eventually decided to incorporate speech recognition and an advanced chip.
the industrial designer gave his presentation on the basic functions of the remote. he presented the basic components that remotes share and suggested that smaller batteries be considered in the product design. the user interface designer presented his ideas for making the remote easy-to-use; he discussed using a simple design and hiding complicated features from the main interface. the marketing expert presented the findings from a lab study on user requirements for a remote control device, and discussed users' demand for a simple interface and advanced technology. the project manager presented the new requirements that the remote not include a teletext function, that it be used only to control television, and that it include the company image in its design. the group narrowed down their target marketing group to the youth market. they discussed the functions the remote will have, including video plus capability and rechargeable batteries. a customer service plan was suggested to make the remote seem more user-friendly, but it was decided that helpful manuals were more within the budget. the group then discussed the shell-like shape of the remote and including several different casing options to buyers.
the project manager opened the meeting and stated that the goal for the current meeting was to select a movie to screen. "the usual suspects" or "the sixth sense". agnes discussed the plot, ratings, and reviews and awards of the films to defend her choices. another team member proposed that the film club should select one of the seven movies he had selected. his selection of movies was based on rankings and awards. among his selections were "schindler's list", "the usual suspects", "pulp fiction", "goodfellas", "silence of the lambs", and "american beauty". another team member proposed that the film club should screen "saving private ryan", "pulp fiction", "the silence of the lambs", or "la vita e bella". denis proposed that the club should screen "the big lebowski" and discussed with the team how to go about designing a poster. the team then decided which movie to screen, ultimately deciding upon "the big lebowski".
the project manager opened the meeting. the industrial designer reported on working design, explaining how a remote control works and describing its main components. the user interface designer talked about what functions should be included. he suggested they should focus on either expert or novice users. the basic functions should include an on/off switch, buttons for channels one to nine, volume, mute and buttons for next and previous channel. he suggested that a trendy design should not have many buttons. the marketing expert reported on user requirements, including how users rated the importance of different features. he stressed that a trendy design is important, that users zap a lot, and that remotes often get lost. the project manager informed the group of new requirements. the remote is only for tv, should not include a teletext feature, and should feature the company colour and slogan. the group discussed what functions and features the remote should have, and whether to include dvd/vcr controls, a teletext button, stop button, changeable covers, and a base/recharger with locator function. the group also discussed making the remote a rounded, ergonomic shape, and using flashing lights to help locate it when lost.
the marketing expert presented more information on user requirements which showed that users wanted the look of a high-tech device that was still simple to use. she presented the fruit and vegetable fashion trend that the group will integrate into their design. the user interface designer presented several ideas for the interface design taken from existing product designs. the industrial designer discussed the necessary internal components and presented options for energy sources and materials. the user interface designer also presented the sample speaker technology recently developed by the company. the group had a discussion to finalize the prototype features. it was decided that the device will be small with a locator function instead of having a charging stand. voice recognition will not be included outside of the locator function. it will be covered by interchangeable latex casings. to incorporate the company logo and color, the buttons will be illuminated yellow when pressed and the logo will be displayed through the latex casings. the project manager instructed the user interface designer and the industrial designer to build the prototype, with the user interface designer deciding which buttons will be included. the marketing expert will prepare a prototype evaluation.
the group introduced themselves and their roles to each other. the project manager introduced the project aim and agenda to the group. the group acquainted themselves with the meeting-room equipment by drawing on the whiteboard. the project manager discussed the projected production cost and price point for the device. the group began a discussion about their own experiences with using remote controls and about usability features to be included in the design. the project manager instructed the industrial designer to prepare the working design, the user interface designer to research technical functions, and the marketing expert to prepare the user requirement specification. the group discussed the function of the prototype and decided that they should restrict the remote to television for the time being.
when the meeting begins the project manager lists the agenda and then describes the project, which is to develop a new remote control that is original, trendy, and user-friendly. the group practices using the smart board by choosing an animal to draw and then explaining why they picked it. the project manager goes over the product budget and they proceed to have discussion. they each identify their individual tasks during each phase based on their role in the group. they briefly discuss characteristics of a desirable remote, including medium size buttons, small unit, and work within a good zapping range. the team again discusses their individual responsibilities and move on to ponder whether the remote will be multifunctional or only for the tv. they decide to first assume it is only for tv and video, but allowing the possibility to add more features. they close the meeting upon establishing what each person will do.
the project manager opens the meeting, asking the industrial designer to present first. the industrial designer begins talking about the functional aspect of the working design and features to make the product unique, such as visibility in the dark, locator alarm, and environmentally-friendly materials. to make an environmental impact, they could use smart materials that can be heated and cooled so that the individual components easily separate to be reused or recycled. the group asks some questions about this idea and then the interface designer presents about technical functions, explaining the difference between a multifunctional and single function remote. the group discusses the two types and decides that a single function design is more suitable for the budget. the marketing expert presents on user requirements by using research done on remote control users. she summarizes these findings andexplains her personal preference for a user-friendly, unique design since certain features could be too complex. the project manager receives some decision-affecting information from management, which she shares with the group. they have a discussion about the remote control functions and close the meeting.
the project manager opened the meeting and stated the agenda to the team members. the marketing expert discussed the findings of a survey which indicated that current remotes are ugly, difficult to use, have a number of unused buttons, frustrate users when misplaced, and contribute to rsi. the marketing expert also stated that young users like speech recognition and that users in general want buttons for power, channel selection, volume control, and a few lesser used settings. the user interface designer presented existing remotes to exemplify the need for simpler designs, discussed the use of components such as titanium and a back-lit lcd screen, and discussed other features to consider such as color options. the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and how to handle universal capability and speech recognition. after the project manager's closing, the project manager recapped some decisions and the team discussed how to handle the issue of locating a remote when misplaced.
the project manager announced that the remote should only control television, and that the marketing should be targeted towards ages 40 and above. the marketing expert presented the results of a lab study on users of remote controls, and showed that users want a fancier, less complicated remote that does not get lost easily. the group decided not to use speech recognition or an lcd screen to target the older demographic. the user interface designer discussed the button functions and how to make channel-changing easier. the group decided not to include programmable "favorites" buttons. the industrial designer presented the internal components of the device. the group discussed having the remote light up when used. he also stressed that the remote must be compatible with all television brands. the project manager corrected his target group announcement and announced that the target age group was actually ages 40 and below. the group again discussed the possibility of adding speech recognition and lcd screens to the design but decided that it was not feasible. the group decided to have the remote light up when used and is including teletext. the marketing expert was instructed to report on trendwatching.
the project manager opens the meeting stating that they will address the functional design of the remote and saying they are still undecided about whether it should be universal or specific. he suggests they name the project and they come up with "mando", meaning "control" in spanish. the marketing expert presents some research done on user opinions of remotes. he suggests the use of using voice recognition or an lcd, which they discuss despite concerns about budget limitation. the industrial designer presents, showing examples of existing products and suggesting they add a scroll wheel for channel-changing. he says internet capability might be necessary for an lcd and then brings up button size, suggesting having a flip-open door with extra buttons under it. they discuss voice recognition again, and then the interface specialist presents. he suggests they have two types of user interfaces and brings up that voice recognition would increase production price. they talk about the budget limitations on features and then the project manager summarizes decisios made and closes the meeting by teeling each group member what he should work on.
for the conceptual design, the marketing expert talked about the public's preference for looks over technological innovation; however, they both seem to be more important than ease of use. the current fashion among younger people favours bright colours and fruit and vegetable themes and spongy materials: pertinent exchangeable fronts can express such trends on the remote, and could also provide themes for other target groups. they could also add some rubber to provide easy grip of the device. cases can be flat, single- or double-curved. they can be made of plastic, rubber, wood or titanium. hand or kinetic dynamos, batteries, and solar cells can be used as energy sources. possible interfaces are push buttons, scroll wheels, and lcds. a way to make this device different would be to use a scroll-wheel on the side with integrated button for volume control and mute. speech recognition can be implemented by adding a sample sensor and speaker on the remote. the final decisions also included combined battery with solar cells. the team will design a single-curved device with a scroll wheel and speech recognition, in black and yellow, the company colours.
the project manager introduced himself and the project to the group. he presented an agenda for the rest of the project. the group acquainted themselves with the meeting-room materials by drawing on the board. the project manager discussed the projected price point, profit aim, and production cost for the project. the group discussed their initial ideas about the product design. they decided to make the remote a universal remote. they discussed the form of the device; it was suggested that the device could have a folding-open design or a touch-screen interface. they discussed energy source options and could not decide between using standard batteries or a recharging stand. they also discussed how to make the remote look more unique; it was suggested that the remote could feature the folding-open design to hide complicated functions on the inside of the device. the project manager instructed the marketing expert to prepare the user requirement specification and to research which devices the remote will control.
the project manager opens the meeting by welcoming everybody and saying they will be developing a new television remote control. then each group member states his/her name and role in the group. the project manager states that the remote needs to be original, trendy, and user-friendly. the further work will be on the functional, conceptual, and detailed design. since they all know what a whiteboard is, they do a virtual drawing by each stating their favorite animal. the project manager tells them the project budget. they proceed to discuss problems with current remotes as well as preferable styles and looks, such as using face-plates so the look is changable. the project manager closes the meeting.
the project manager reviewed the minutes from the last meeting. the user interface designer and the industrial designer presented the prototype and displayed the changeable fruit- and vegetable-shaped covers. they discussed the locator function that will be designed at a later time. the project manager discussed the final production cost for the device, which totaled 11.9 euros. the marketing expert led an evaluation of the prototype. each participant rated the prototype according to the original criteria for the project. the group discussed the areas in which the prototype did not meet these goals. the group felt that the changeable fruit and vegetable shapes were uncomfortable to hold. the group decided to make changeable covers in fruit colors and designs and to use one uniform shape. the group discussed their experience on the project. they felt they worked well together and were creative. they complained that the meeting-room materials were difficult to use, and some complained that there was not enough information provided to them. the project manager instructed all participants to write a final report at the end of the meeting.
the industrial designer gave her components concept presentation, which presented the components that will be used and how they will be integrated into the functional design. she announced that their only choice for casing material was wood, so she suggested an idea of having customizable wood cases. the user interface designer gave her presentation on the user interface concept for the product, and gave a basic layout of the remote's key functions. the marketing expert presented the marketing concept and discussed including a display to facilitate use. the group discussed the unique, custom design of the remote, and quickly talked about finding a manufacturer that could make the custom cases cheaply that still paid fair wages. the group also discussed whether or not to incorporate the display into the design, and decided to wait until the cost of adding that feature was known before adding it to the design. the industrial designer and the user interface designer were instructed to begin building a prototype, and the marketing expert was instructed to work on the marketing strategy as well as research the cost of the display component.
the marketing expert presented requirements of users as found in a company market study. the study showed that users want a fancier-looking but uncomplicated remote control, and are interested in speech recognition. he presented the age groups polled and said that the target marketing group should be users aged fifteen to thirty-five. the user interface designer presented several competitors' remotes and discussed the features that would make their own device more user-friendly. the industrial designer gave a presentation on important internal components that would keep the project within its budget, and discussed possible materials and programmable features. the project manager gave several new requirements for the project to the group. the group discussed the features they would like to incorporate into the design in light of the new requirements and budget constraints. they decided to keep speech recognition as one of their components, and decided to include some programmable features, limit the number of button functions, and make the remote yellow and glow-in-the-dark, in an organic shape. the program manager said that he would ask to what extent the company motto had to be incorporated into the design.
as the meeting opens the project manager tells the group that they must stay within the budget of twelve euro and fifty cents or will have to redesign. after matthew arrives the designers begin presenting the two prototypes, beginning with the basic conventional one which is shaped like a surfboard and costs 7 or 8 euros to produce. it contains an on-off button, volume switch, up/down channel function, 10 digits, and two extra buttons for teletext and an additional function. the next control is futuristic because feels like a mobile phone, has 6 keys, and is smooth. it also has a power button, channel up/down, slow pause/slow stop, lcd screen, toggle switch that changes it from audio to video, and microphone. it would cost 16 euros to produce, which is out of the budget. the marketing expert gives the product evaluation and they rate them on look and feel, innovation, ease of use, appeal to the correct demographic, and adherence to the company motto and fashion trends. they discuss the energy source, shape, chip type, lcd and speech recognition, and additional buttons. after choosing features their remote costs 12 euros to produce. they close the meeting by thanking one another.
the project manager opened the meeting and introduced the project, describing what the project would involve, the role of each participant and the agenda for the first meeting. he the demonstrated the equipment the group would be using, and the group practiced using the smartboard by drawing their favourite animals. the project manager then went over the project budget. the industrial designer gave a brief presentation about his role and his initial ideas for the project, suggesting that the remote should be used for multiple devices and that the group should consider using bluetooth rather than infrared. the project manager then asked the others about their initial ideas. the user interface designer agreed that the remote should control multiple devices. they also discussed having glow in the dark buttons, using bluetooth instead of infrared and using a display and/or a joystick instead of conventional buttons. however, they were unsure about what the budget would allow. the project manager suggested that the remote should be rechargeable or not use much power, but this might be difficult if using bluetooth. the project manager closed the meeting.
