a :  hello again . b :  hello . d :  hey , project manager . b :  um , project manager , i have something to tell you . i have a little problems with my laptop . and uh s s s so i had a little less time to complete . a :  mm yeah . a :  okay . a :  okay . b :  no , a little problem , uh big problem . i just thought um , it didn't work anymore . d :  what was it , problem ? d :  the laptop ? b :  the entire windows uh d :  it hang hung . b :  it it hung . d :  ha-ha . d :  project manager . d :  you're our project manager . a :  your project manager . a :  welcome to the conceptual design meeting c : a :  for real reaction . a :  uh , hello again . uh it's uh the same as the last time . uh uh , also this time there will be uh three presentations . and we um must uh reach a decision on uh the remote control concepts . um uh , and at the end , uh i uh , when i finish it off i have some uh input from uh a master class i uh visited .
a :  alright , that did nothing . welcome to the meeting everyone . a :  just gonna attempt to make this into a slide show . a :  sorry guys . d :  you may have to do the function f_ eight thing . oh , okay . a :  i did . a :  this'll just take a moment . b :  okay okay a :  or it won't . a :  okay we'll have to deal with it like this then . this is the first meeting uh for developing our , our new product . i'm heather , i'm your project manager . b :  okay . b :  hello . a :  okay . so that was the opening . the first thing we'll do is get acquainted with one another . if everyone could go around and explain their role and um , and their name . b :  okay . my name's poppy . i'm the industrial designer for this project . um , i'm going to be responsible for the functional design phase . also the conceptual design and the detailed design for the final product . a :  nice to meet you poppy . b :  okay .
a :  hello , uh this meeting we are it's fo should be focused on the conceptual design of the remote control . d :  hello . c :  hello . b :  mm-hmm . a :  um the goal of this meeting is to reach a decision at the end on the concept and i think the last time we talked about an a lot and we had a rough idea of what is going to be , but uh in th at the end of this meeting we have to to reach a decision . a :  so , uh a :  we will have again three presentation , from all of you , and uh i hope it will be fast because i would like to have time to a :  for long discussion and a :  and decisions . so , who wants to start ? c :  i s a :  okay . d :  okay . c :  no , no , you you can start . a :  so start , uh d :  okay , i'll start . can you open my presentation , please . d :  i'm number four . d :  trend . a :  this one ? d :  can you pass the mouse , please . oh okay , that's fine . um so basically i just want to presented to you present to you some recent results we've had from um looking at uh um some remote control market research and some fashion trends around the world . um a :  turn . d :  the fashion trends we got from talking to our our contacts in the fashion industry based in paris and milan . um so f from our market research basically we've come to the conclusion that a fancy look and feel , um as opposed to a functional look and feel , is our number one priority . um fancy is is is is the , you know , highest priority . secondly um that our remote control needs to be techn technologically innovative . um so this is t number two priority but it's two times less important as the fancy criteria . um and third thirdly the easiness of use is is the um is is important as well , but again two times less important as the technologically innovativeness of the remote control .
b :  it's it won't wake up . d :  bonjour . b :  yeah . i was a bit early . like b :  what ? no , i just came in . uh normally i was one of them . d :  okay . b :  come on . d :  check check check check . a :  hello . b :  why won't it wake up ? b :  is it on ? d :  the power light doesn't work . you turned it off . b :  but how ? b :  ah , there it is . c :  okay . a :  okay . c :  i received an email with uh a few possibilities on uh the materials . so i'll discuss them with you . a :  okay , we're just going to the later . d :  okay . b :  yeah , i received an email as well . a :  so we're going to talk about the conceptual model .
b :  help . b :  it's up there ? that screen's black . b :  alright , okay . okay , that's fine . d :  oh god . b :  are we done ? b :  right , okay um , this is our second meeting and i might be a bit all over the place . um , right our agenda for today , do you want us to give you a second ? d :  uh , no that's okay , sorry . b :  okay , um b :  i'll go over what we decided last meeting , a :  mm-hmm . b :  um , b :  we decided upon a universal control , one handset for all , t_v_ , video a :  sorry . b :  equipment . um , that it was important that the product was accessible to a wide range of consumers , wide age range , not limiting anyone . we decided it was important to reflect the company's image in our product , we put fashion in electronics , you know that kind of s thing . um , our budget would have to affect um try not to reflect our budget , um that we might b :  have a bit of oh oh you can see it , okay . um dissonance between what our budget was and what we want it to look like . um b :  want it to look uncluttered , undaunting to the customer . we discussed a flip-open design , um reducing the size of the control and an electronic panel um for further features like programming , things like that . b :  okay . um , three presentations , i've got written here so b :  shall we hear from marketing first ? d :  um is it okay if i postpone that til later , i just want to get access to a little bit more information , is that okay ? b :  no that's fine , that's fine . c :  okay , yeah i'll go first . can i grab the b :  unplug me .
c :  hello . a :  hello . b :  hi everyone . d :  so i don't know if you all received the the a agenda for this meeting . do you no ? c :  no , i haven't . d :  here it is . c :  thank you . b :  i haven't . d :  so um um the goal for today are um we have two goals . uh first is to decide a movie for uh the next projection for our movie club . as you know uh so it's for the last friday of this month of april . as you probably remember , the movie already projected were uh lawrence of arabia and apocalypse now in february and amadeus from milos forman in march . c :  mm-hmm . b :  mm-hmm . d :  so um the question that is open is are we going to select a movie from the nineties and which movie . so that's the first goal , decide for a movie to be projected , and second goal is to uh discuss for an ad advertising poster um for our um uh club , because we noticed that n last time not enough people came to the projection . d :  so that's it . um wh who wants to start to d :  so i guess you all prepared some documents for the mm selection of movie . a :  yeah . so who who has what ? actually maybe um d :  okay . a :  um i've got a powerpoint presentation . d :  okay . b :  uh-huh .
b :  here we go again . c :  my mouse is not working anymore . he's uh when i put it in , is is going to beep beep beep . b :  okay . d :  oh , i got a nice little screen here over here . d :  i got like this big black border uh on every side . a :  okay . b :  mm , okay . d :  i'll i'll fix it . yeah , whatever . a :  everybody ready ? b :  yeah , it's okay . a :  welcome at the functional design meeting , again presented by maarten . a :  uh this is the agenda , the opening . uh , we've got three presentations . and i'm gonna show you some of the new projects requirements that were sent to me . and we're gonna make a decision on the remote control functions . we have uh forty minutes . a :  oh , well this is the the closing already . so uh well we start off with the th the first presentation then . a :  uh , i think um in uh we have to do it in uh in right order . maybe the b :  okay . d :  i don't know what the right order is . so b :  no . a :  well , it c :  huh .
a :  okay . hope you had a good lunch . okay we're back for the conceptual design meeting . um let's get started . a :  'kay , here is the agenda for today's meeting . um we're gonna open it and i'm gonna keep the minutes as project manager . we're gonna have three presentations , one from each of you again . and then we are going to come to decision on the remote control concepts and then we're gonna close it up . and we have forty minutes again . a :  'kay , and just to reiterate um after this meeting the team will reach a decision on the concepts of the remote control . a :  okay . let's go ahead and start off with your presentations . who would like to go first ? b :  just trying to move mine right now . a :  okay . um courtney would you mind starting us off ? d :  yeah . a :  trend watching ? d :  yeah . a :  'kay . d :  okay , so trend watching . d :  uh since we do put the fashion in electronics , it is kind of important how our product looks . so i guess we can go ahead and go to the next . so what they want . right now customers want fancy versus functional .
a :  right , so a :  start of the first meeting . d :  mm-hmm . a :  right , so agenda of the first meeting . where we uh a :  we have twenty five minutes for this meeting . we uh are to get acquainted . so does everyone want to say who they are ? that seem sensible ? b :  okay . d :  yeah . d :  i'm robin . i'm the marketing manager . c :  i'm louisa . i'm the user interface designer . b :  i'm nick . i am the industrial designer . a :  and i'm alastair and i'm the project leader . alright okay , so tool training . a :  project plan . so does anyone have any uh thoughts a :  as to the tool training that uh is required ? b :  tool training . c :  i'm not exactly sure what you mean by tool training . a :  neither am i . a :  oh i see , so we shouldn't really be a :  oh right okay , so . so we have the project team , which is to um basically to come up with a new r remote control device . uh we have uh the starting base was the original which has been in existence now for a period of time .
b :  mm uh . d :  we're the first . b :  we're the first ones . d :  marketing expert , yes . a :  so you found your spots . b :  move to the meeting room . d :  bling bling . d :  right . a :  okay . d :  uh where has my screen gone ? b :  hello , good day . c :  oh yeah , we have to talk in english , huh . d :  yeah . my screen is gone . a :  it's called black . b :  kick-off meeting , wow . b :  it's uh looks uh nice . c :  i'm afraid i'm a bit slow for this stuff uh . a :  okay . c :  i'm afraid i'm a bit too slow . i don't know how much preparation you guys did , but not a lot . b :  yeah . d :  yeah . b :  no , it's it was uh not enough . a :  you see this beautiful presentation .
b :  okay . b :  yeah . that's okay . that's okay . b :  okay . a :  am i starting now ? a :  anytime ? 'kay , um . alright , welcome back fro to the second meeting . and um i hope you had a productive last thirty minutes . um , and um , i'll be taking minutes on this one , and um being hooked up to the powerpoint for this meeting isn't very necessary for uh myself , because it'll be more about uh , what you guys are bringing to the meeting today . um , so , the first presentation we'll be looking at is poppy's presentation . and , um a :  so , sorry ? so , um , take it away poppy . b :  okay . um , do i need to plugged in . a :  it's , it's plugged in . so , um c :  f_ eight , w . function f_ eight . b :  f_ okay . function f_ eight . sorry about this guys . a :  no problem . b :  'kay . b :  right .
d :  so a :  i hope you're ready for this uh functional design meeting . d :  of course . a :  um so i will take the minutes you mm you three are going to do presentation . a :  um uh we want to know to at the end to know the new project's requirement so we need uh to know the the user uh needs that we want to fulfil to fulfil the from the technical part we want to know how it going to work and um a :  third part uh i don't remember which is not very good . a :  ah of course , how to to design this uh this yeah . d :  nice stuff a :  um let's go for the three presentations , so first um marketing expert . d :  who starts ? so i dunno if i can do that like this ? a :  so wait a minute . d :  so it's being modified . do you want yeah , open . read only . i hope i saved it . so , um yeah , this is my name . b :  sammy benjo . i know this name uh . we met before . a :  sounds uh d :  so as you know , you i think you already know me , sammy benjo . i am the expert in marketing and i want to tell you about what people uh s want and uh like and dislike in remote controls , and i hope this is going to help you to to design it correctly . so next please . d :  uh-oh . a :  mm uh . c :  yeah , it is put f_ five . c :  the full page presentation , yep . d :  yeah maybe in the full page because i i spent lots of time doing this presentation , so .
a :  i just forgot their name , so uh you're i sorry , i just forgot them all . so i have to write it down . d :  okay . a :  so d :  fine . a :  do you know them or d :  the names ? a :  yeah . d :  for for for my sur um jens . a :  yeah . a :  yeah , no , but your b your surname . d :  uh damman . d :  d_ a_ w_ . d :  uh uh m_ m_ . i mean m_ . double m_ . a :  w_o_ da . a :  okay . a :  and what's your name ? b :  paul wiezer . paul wiezer . a :  w_i_e_s_ z z_ or s_ ? uh uh zee . what's your name ? b :  a_ e_ z_ zee zee b :  e_ r_ . c :  uh martijn . a :  yeah , but your surname .
a :  okay everybody is ready ? good morning again . so , today we are going to have a f second meeting . oh michael , hi . you're late . you have a good reason for that ? very good . okay , let's have a look to the agenda today . a :  so , we are going to have a meeting about the functional design . um so first before starting i w just going to uh to go quickly to through the minutes of previous meeting . a :  so uh basically we we are not decided if w we should go for a universal or specific uh uh remote control , but i have new um new i inputs for about that topics . i goin i'm going to share with you . a :  and uh basically we decided to um to uh go to individual actions for each of you uh so um industrial designer should wor was supposed to work on th on th on the working design . you showed us you ar you you prepare something for us ? c :  yeah . a :  the u_i_ guy also uh work on that , yeah , and for the mar our marketing expert should deliver some specs . a :  alright so so we are going to go through three of your individual presentations . but first i would like quickly to uh to decide of to give a name to the project . so , i just put d quickly remo , but if you have any o other names that we co could decide for just to to keep something fun for our project we we should we could discuss quickly . any ideas ? b :  uh the powerstick . c :  mm-hmm . a :  powerstick , yeah . a :  what else ? a :  what else ?
a :  do you need to change anything on it ? because otherwise i will already open it . d :  um d :  mm , don't think so . a :  okay . d :  unless uh things have suddenly change again . a :  is it much changes ? d :  uh don't know . maybe uh you've got new information , like uh last time . a :  uh i didn't no no . i do hot have a :  only the same information . d :  okay . a :  hello , sebastian . c :  hello hello mister p_m_ . a :  i believe uh miss uh tentel is with us as well , in the control room . c :  well , that's where the thinking goes on . a :  oh , it's that roo again , always late . bongiorno . b :  bongiorno . c :  i think you should punish him . you're the p_m_ . b :  punish . a :  i see some interesting okay . c :  possibilities , yeah ? b :  you wish . a :  people , welcome back .
c :  good morning . a :  hello . d :  hello . a :  you have to put it exactly on the on the yeah . d :  plate ? c :  okay . b :  good morning . c :  good morning . c :  should i bring my uh pen too ? or a :  i took your mouse . yeah just yeah , no , that's for me , i just have to make some notes . i got my uh mouse . c :  okay . d :  uh i also forgot my mouse , but i don't need my mouse , i think . b :  mouse . a :  yeah . c :  i do . b :  come on . there we are . c :  my laptop is crashing . d :  damn computers . c :  cr c :  help help help . b :  let's just check one more time . d :  can you hear me ? a :  uh actually my laptop doesn't work , switch it on again .
a :  right w welcome to the the first meeting of uh real reaction's uh um development meetings for our our new television remote control . uh this follows our very successful entry into the the consumer market over the last year or so um which we want to to build on , taking advantage of the uh the the latest developments in in technology and the uh the latest uh uh feelings in in consumer design and and demand and uh we want to make this the the very best product th that's possible for everybody , uh one that everybody wants , uh at a good price for the consumer and at a good price for the company . a :  uh and to that end we need all to work together uh to do that . um and uh b in no particular order because ev everybody is uh just as vital to this project um i'll just go round th the table , andrew , marketing , um m kendra with the uh um designing the the the user interface uh uh and kate with the the industrial design . a :  what's uh the the th th project is is here to do , is is to to get this this project up and moving , ev everybody is is free to uh say wh whatever they want , uh everybody has a contribution to make and uh a :  everybody feel free to interrupt me at any time to to say what you want to say . um in in terms of the immediate meeting the uh um everybody knows everybody else , everybody's worked for the the company for a while , if if an anybody feels that they need to say more about themselves please do , if if if anybody wants to b briefly give their their background so that everybody's quite clear what everybody uh uh everybody's experience is please do so . uh a :  in fact i'd i'd i'd welcome anybody to uh say something briefly about themselves , in fact we will do that by by going round the table quickly and and saying what what contribution you you're looking to make . so we'll start with andrew . d :  oh my name's andrew i'm a i'm the market research d :  person for this uh for this meeting and this uh project for creating this new remote control and uh yeah i'll be uh presenting information statistics on what people want to want to uh get from this new design , what people want to like and from a fashion point of view and the practicality point of view . a :  right kendra . c :  i'm kendra and i'm the us user interface designer and um i haven't had a whole lot of experience in this kind of thing before but i'm m so i'll be c :  working on the design . a :  right at least means you haven't got any preconceived ideas so . c :  right . yep , i'm just open to being creative . b :  uh i'm katie , i'm the industrial designer and i'll just be i guess presenting about the the inter workings of our little remote control and uh yeah . a :  yep , good . a :  okay , very very quickly , um this i don't want to make this meeting too structured because the the whole idea is that it's a um you know a think tank . everybody says what they what they want to say , uh and we don't want to be constrained by uh kind of convention or uh uh slides on screens or or anything else um but um briefly um th th this is what we want to do . the the remote control needs to be original , there has to be something about it that uh other remote controls don't have so that as soon as people see it they think um yes that's different , uh i want one , um and that goes along with being trendy , uh uh you know the i want it a :  uh scenario . user-friendly as as we all know , remote controls can be uh uh very user-unfriendly so we want to make ours one that people can pick up and think oh yes that's it's obvious how that works , uh and they also want to look at the price and think oh yeah that's something that i may not need another remote control but uh it's such a nice one i'm gonna have one . and last but not least , or indeed first of all , it it must make the company money , and we make the company money by producing what the consumer wants . a :  the uh the further work to be done is i the um the functional design , uh what it uh what it must actually do , the uh conceptual design , uh how we actually present that to the consumer and th the the detailed design i is uh how we get that into production . a :  uh now th the main design tool that we have available to us at the moment is is the white board and uh uh let us very quickly do what i what it says in the in the in the prompt slide here , um a :  in fact i suggest to avoid everybody untangling themselves from the uh the the wires , that we don't do that , um a :  so i i everybody knows what whiteboard is so we'll um uh we'll do a virtual drawing on the on on the whiteboard of of your your own uh uh favourite animal , but le let's go round the table , your favourite animal . d :  um , badger . uh it's it's got nice contrast with black and white and uh i feel they're underdog kind of status and they're , the a :  mm and why ?
a :  'kay . a :  okay everybody . welcome to the detailed design meeting . um a :  let's see . our agenda . last time we discussed the squishy fruitiness of our remote controls and how we might pursue that . um and i think looks like we've come up with some ideas . um and we also talked about materials we'd use and what kind of chip would be necessary . um so for later in the meeting i've done a a spreadsheet of production costs so we'll take a look at that . um and see if it's changed at all from when we last discussed it . um so actually i think a :  yeah um f you guys wanna give a prototype presentation of b :  okay well um . so our design looks something like this . b :  this being the wheel that you use to uh change channels or volume or whatever . this is a button , serves as the power button if you hold it down , and if you just tap on it i think it brings up the menu . b :  and uh the base of the remote control , which has a squishy spongy rubbery feel , is interchangeable . so you can change the colour , according to your to suit your living room or whatever . and it comes yeah , i can change the vegetable . this one's broccoli . so this snaps off and you can put on whichever one you want . this is not to scale 'cause it would have the battery inside it . c :  you could change the vegetable , or fruit . a :  oh is that broccoli ? c :  yeah . b :  this is a mango . the it's trendy fruit , it's not just ordinary fruits .
a :  uh welcome back after lunch , i hope uh you had a good lunch a :  together . a :  for uh this meeting the main agenda okay uh to discuss about the a :  conceptual design meeting . a :  okay and the agenda will be a :  the opening and uh that's uh the product manager or secretary that's me and uh the presentations from the christine and uh a :  agnes and from mister ed . a :  and finally in this meeting we have to decide a :  and we are to take a decision on the remote control a :  concept and uh the functional design a :  so we have forty minutes , i think it's uh a :  little bit uh low , but i i hope we can finish it up so i'll handle to the a :  the functional team , to the christine , okay , to discuss about uh the components concept . c :  okay . so uh , if you could open the powerpoint presentation . i'm number two . a :  you're number two . c :  components design , there we go . c :  so uh can we put it in slide show mode ? a :  the next one . c :  right here , is that little that one , yes please . thank you . i'll take the mouse . c :  so uh c :  we were looking he specifically at the components uh the following components , uh the case , the power supply , uh the means of communications with the television set . in instance we had talked about using some sort of speech recognition , you have to have microphone well no you don't actually i haven't have to have microphone in the device , but um maybe you do have it a a way it has to it has to hear the speaker and um , so it could be in the television set , could be in the device , but somewhere you have to put the microphone , um and a w a way of making beeps or sounds so you can find it when it's gets lost . um so the other w thing that we so . our method for going about this is we've looked at uh the histo hi historical record , what's worked , what hasn't and then we also um we wanted to evaluate some new materials and we contacted manufacturing for their input because , course , we m might come up and choose the material that then manufacturing didn't have the technologies or capabilities to offer us , so uh this is the approach that we took during our um our research . b :  mm-hmm . c :  so um for the case , um we told we were making a specifica specific assumption that it would be curved in design . course , you know , i wanted it to be expandable and shrinkable , but um that uh doesn't seem to b be one of the choic non-option we can uh we can really seriously explore , so then we were thinking about um rubber , but um unfortunately that's been eliminated because of the heat uh factor and th um there might be some problems with the m uh how it's c :  uh goes with the board . c :  uh and uh then th plastic also has this problem of melting and it's brittle it gets brittle after a while , so um we still had titanium and and wood available , but um unfortunately uh uh titanium's also been eliminated uh , the m people in manufacturing said that you couldn't make d curved cases out of titanium , although how apple did it with th powerbook i'm not su quite sure but uh nevertheless um they've eliminated all of our options except wood . b :  at least it's environmentally friendly . c :  so , this is our finding . and a as she said , it's an environmentally friendly uh material , so we're we're currently uh proposing , uh we'll get to all my personal preferences in just a second .
c :  um minutes from the last meeting which were essentially that we uh had decided on roles for each of you , however , um there are some changes that i've got from on high that um d :  okay . c :  are a bit uh well w what i didn't actually realise it was that the uh this is for a specific television . so the all in one idea goes out the window . and they require that the uh actually i'll get to that at the end point number four , um we'll get what you've got and then we can see what we can adapt from it . so um , presentations , were you anybody got , raring to go ? raring to go ? good stuff . d :  okay . d :  mm-hmm . b :  yeah . so how c :  oh i need to plug you in . b :  s d :  wow . c :  just about . a :  it's a inspired design . b :  sh do you want me to hold it ? c :  uh there we go , just screw 'em on in . gonna have to swap them round so now , it was function f_ eight . b :  so , after that ? b :  f_ eight . c :  that's the wee blue one . b :  f oh sorry f_ eight . c :  blue one f_ eight . c :  should do it , good one . b :  okay . b :  yeah .
a :  did you get my email with the slides ? c :  i guess i have to change the pen otherwise . will be completely different . a :  dunno . maybe they're supposed the pen's supposed to go over the seats . a :  might be seat floor rather than person . a :  yeah , put it back . c :  yeah . and do you think it's . b :  okay . a :  yeah . jo's making faces at me . c :  yeah . b :  matthew is uh late again . a :  mm-hmm . b :  probably an important man . b :  so well it is important for him to be here uh . c :  yeah . c :  so what can you ? b :  he he he b :  you did work together didn't you ? c :  yeah we will yeah , so i will be able to to summarize uh our meeting , but still i think uh it would be in very important if the uh as um main designer . c :  i think we can put on the here . c :  uh basically w yeah we we designed the two uh items . um yes but w we c :  um , can we have a phone , can someone b :  yes , maybe we should phone him . c :  it's really w well designed .
b :  good morning , flores . a :  g good morning . b :  marketing expert . a :  oh yeah . b :  right . a :  are you ready ? you should put the laptop uh right into the square . for i for the cameras , yes . good morning , sebastian . b :  for the cameras b :  alright . c :  good morning , mister p_m_ . how are you today ? how was your business trip to boston ? a :  i'm fine . a :  um well , actually i didn't go , didn't feel like it . so do you want to open it as read-only . um i guess i should close it here . b :  geez . b :  you have the same message of uh windows cannot um b :  sen oh stand-by . close the the window . d :  okay . a :  okay , the waiting is for our marketing expert , ruud . um project kick-off . b :  so b :  that's right . c :  is there a schedule for this meeting ?
